well I started looking at my older
brother watching him play hockey outside
when I was young you know I want to be a
hockey player like him a family saw me I
had a good potential so my dad bought me
a hockey equipment and at five years old
and put me on the ice and it started
like that and just growing as occupier
during my care finally 19 years old I
got drafted by the hurricanes which was
my apply my one of my best day of my
life at this point there was no nothing
my mind and I want to be a hockey player
and I want I want to do it well and I
want to do it for the rest of my life
it was my second year Pro we were in
lowell februari 19 after the game in the
middle of the road I guess said the
weather was really bad and we had an
accident I don't really remember
anything I woke up on the ground like
bleeding and all the boards were like
kind of like asking if I was okay and
they held me to get out of the bus at
that point I I passed out this one I was
so scared because I didn't know like if
I would be able to play hockey it was a
really tough moment for me it was a wake
up call after that accident I told
myself that I have to enjoy every day of
my life I can be scared of seeing the
people i love i love them and just
enjoying your life nick is so loving
person he just wants to do you like
things with his friends and it's just
like someone cares about the other
is so easy person to go with I think the
bus accident it just make him realize
that don't wait to do something that you
really want to do you have to give your
other person every day and not to let do
the things that you want to do and be
the one that you want to do
what a fighting part I had it before and
I will always have it it's part of me
that I need to protect some of the guys
like wandering trouble and I'm not
concerned my cell has a heavy weight I'm
just playing to emotion and when you're
in the game and you you ready to do
anything for your teammates and you're
not scared of anything that's when you
pay the best the first time that I saw
him fight I was not really happy about
it just because you don't want him to be
hurt or it's something bad happened but
I guess I have no choice it is this kind
of players
yeah obviously on the ice is a very
intense guy it's one of those guys it's
kind of relentless leader but wait from
the rink he's a big teddy bear he likes
to joke around have fun the great team
guy when the best team guys you could
ever ask for real he's always there for
the guys and yeah just real light
hearted fella yeah I remember like when
the GD colony in his office it was
probably the best one of my life I
couldn't believe it four years ago I was
in the hospital I didn't know if I could
rocky and my dream came true and didn't
you like had worked so hard to get that
get that call and it was great it was
anytime you get you get to have those
conversations with players because
sometimes you have the opposite
conversation they're not fun so you
enjoy those one where you get a chance
to tell the guys that they're going up
and especially you know the guy for that
for their first time and guys at how to
wait four or five years to get that
chance like like a nick Blanchard in a
Brett bellemore a Michael Jordan last
year in to tell Blanche that you know
here's your chance and you know he's
very excited to get that opportunity and
very thankful and he's just like a
classy guy
clicking on you and make sure you tell
the people that you hang out or every
day that you love them and you never
know when what's gonna happen at the end
of the day well my wife's mean a lot to
me she has been the wind Mia since
almost all my pro career and she's
everything from michelle's me and my
career she helps me be a better man and
she helps me to focus on the right thing
and grown as a good man
you